Add note about timestamp changes in Kotlin (#6312)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/kotlin-android/index.md

- [Frequently Asked Questions](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/kotlin-android/kotlin-android-faq)

> warning ""
> If you are using the Analytics Android (Classic) SDK, you can find [the documentation here](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/android). Many of the features available in the Analytics Kotlin SDK are not available in the Analytics Android (Classic) SDK.

## Timestamps in Kotlin

> Due to changes made in our Kotlin library that increase the efficiency of the library, when the `sentAt` timestamp is added to an event payload has changed. This can impact the value of the `timestamp` field calculated by Segment if users are operating in an offline mode. More details on this change can be seen in our [timestamp documentation](https://segment.com/docs/connections/spec/common/#sentat){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to efficiency updates made to Segment's Kotlin library, Segment now adds the `sentAt` timestamp to an event when the batch is complete and initially tried to the Segment API. This can impact the value of the `timestamp` field calculated by Segment if users are operating in an offline mode. More details on this change can be seen in Segment's [timestamp documentation](/docs/connections/spec/common/#sentat).
```
